
Overall, Quick Help has been a success for the Quick Health team. The team went through many ups and downs during development, which wasn't always easy on us during stressful periods of work overload with our other courses. However, we are proud to have made it through and to introduce a product that exceeded our expectations, and a product that could potentially revolutionalize Canada's health care system.  

Some __tools, techniques and conventions__ that we operated by that were deemed successful sprint after sprint included "total communication" and "subgrouping". Subgrouping was a convention where the team was divided into subgroups, each of which had specific goals, skill sets and user stories to work on. Some aspects that contributed to it's success were better communication, and pair programming. Dividing the team into smaller groups has allowed for niche environments where communication within the subgroup are more organized and meaningful as everyone are comfortable and experts at the task on hand. Subgrouping has also allowed for pair programming, which was a technique that has led to efficient coding and almost-real-time bug fixes. A tool that our team found particularly useful was Discord video calling. Finding a suitable time to meet was sometimes an issue. Discord video calling allowed members who were away from campus to still participate in meetings just like they were in person. This has also opened up another channel of communication that allowed for spontaneous meetings as mishaps in development occassionally happen requiring agile solutions and decisions to be made amongst the team. 

We encountered most of our __problematic tools, techniques and conventions__ during the early stages of development. This was because all of our members were just starting out and were only partially familiar with our tech stack. Many of us would install modules and packages which others did not have, and this led to confusions with what resources each of us had and what was required. Required technologies like Pivotal Tracker and Github also posed as an obstacle for the team. Some members did not feel comfortable working on these platfroms which lead to communication problems with the rest of the team. However, members who were familar took time to make sure members who weren't knew what they needed to do and how. We were able to utilize the technology's full potential and it became a powerful tool for us to keep our subgroups on track and in sync.

If we were to move forward with the project as a team, our __ideal process__ would be to operate as we did in our final sprint. We would continue meeting regularly in person to code, employ pair programming at every turn, and ensure the unification of our coding environments. Our process in the final sprint was with little error, as we reached our peak in productivity as a team.

