**Quick Help against the Competition**

The whole idea to save a person’s life with a push of a button is unique on its own. Quick Help is a mobile application which allows certified doctors, practitioners and first-aid certified individuals in the area to come aid an injured or dying person in times of extreme severity before even the ambulance gets there. 

One of the leading competitors is the 911 governmental medical system – a system in which medical services are dispatched to reach a person within 8-10 mins and treat them. As our application performs similar task to this system, we had to set it apart. Data collected from 300 trauma centers found that of the gunshot victims who came to the E.R via ambulance, 19.3% died of their injuries. As a result, this suggests that a faster solution is needed. That is, we need a solution that will prevent/reduce the liklihood of a person from dying all together by providing immediate assistance from a doctor who is available in close proximity. As for the doctors, this application not only allows them to have the incentive to make a few cash on the side (via voluntary donation by the patient), but it also allows them to make a difference in the community and save more lives.

Another competitor is Uber. Uber is similar in a sense that it provides convenient service to people in the neighborhood. Having to wait for a cab can be gruesome and thus the solution of utilizing members in your neighborhood for providing the same services as a cab is a very effective solution. Studies that were conducted found that taking UberX was an effective solution as it was saving 6 mins for the same ride that a cab would take. Our application uses the same concept but by saving time we are saving lives. Specifically, the time for a person to start getting treated. It takes approximately 8 mins for an ambulance, that is help to arrive, so we want to reduce that time frame by finding doctors in your neighborhood that can start treating the patient earlier than 8 mins. Some features that are similar to Uber is the way they utilize the map to show people in the area. It utilizes similar features as Uber such as allowing doctors to select who they want to treat just as Uber allows drivers to choose who they want to pickup, allowing a communication channel between the patient and doctor without knowing any information about them, and utilizing google maps to show nearby clients. Uber can found at [www.uber.com/ca/en/]( https://www.uber.com/ca/en/).

Another product that is similar to our product is Life Call. It is a sevice that seniors use to directly contact Life Call operators who then evaluate the problem and dispatch the appropriate services to aid them. This is similar as it provides convenient health support to the clients. QuickHelp will be more efficient as there is no central desk that will increase delay by evaluating the situation, instead, it allows you to have direct contact with a doctor. Life call can be found at [www.lifecall.com](https://www.lifecall.com/).
