#### Process for Phase One
The group meets in-person at least twice a week for at least 2 hours to discuss about individual progress and big decisions on issues that affect multiple members of the group and their work for phase one. The main form of communication we use to arrange meetings, discuss about untouched ideas/features, and future plans is through facebook messenger. We use facebook messenger poll to make general decisions and then meet in person to have further discussions to finalize the direction the project should go. Group meetings were also used to provide constructive feedbacks on each members’ work and gather inputs from the team. 

Prior to our first meeting, we collectively agreed to create a Google Docs file where each team member could write a brief proposal on any ideas they might have. Taking the project to the next stage, we held our first meeting where we presented our ideas to the rest of the team, and finally come to a general concensus on the project idea. One team member proposed an idea that was based on services that combined attributes of Uber and ambulance service. As a group we collectively contributed to the idea proposing potential features and services to improve on the application. 

When a decision must be made, a team meeting will be held to address the issue. During the team meeting, the team (as a whole) must first acknowledge that a problem exists and that a decision needs to be made. Our team together maps out objectives and issues at hand and collectively try to come up with solutions and steps to move the project forward. We go through a brainstorming process where we try to view the problem at different angles and discuss about advantages and disadvantages of each potential solution. Finally, we pinpoint on a solution we collectively agree on and begin creating step by step process to execute it.  

How my team defined our priority and points was heavily inspired by the CoS model. One team member put each user story in  3x5 sized index cards. We then had a vote to determine the complexity using the Fibonacci scale and numbered the back of each card accordingly. After, we ordered the cards from decreasing order and discussed our results. In order to finalize the priority of the user stories, we used the Scrum Poker Cards (Agile) application to help us come to a decision as a group. It took an average of 2 rounds of voting for a consensus for the point estimate.

During this process, many lessons can be taken moving forward. Firstly, it was difficult trying get around everyone’s schedule to find a time when everyone could meet. For the next phase, we've decided to use www.when2meet.com every Sunday night to get an idea of what everyone’s availability for the week is like. Secondly, we found that unorganized arguing can lead to a chaotic environment that can lower the group morale. We agreed on a process where each team member, one by one, gets a chance to share their thoughts and opinion while the rest of the team stays silent for the time being. We will make sure to consider these lessons on future phases. 

